feat: includeMirrors (#23110)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

    When Renovate resolves `globalExtends` it does not fully process the configuration.
    This means that Renovate does not have the authentication it needs to fetch private things.

## includeMirrors

> By default, Renovate does not operate on repositories that are mirrors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate does not autodiscover repositories that are mirrors.
```
